I have a very close friend. His name is Kuntal. Kuntal's father's name is Radhesham. Father is a scoundrel. Son is a a step ahead. Kuntal's father didn't give Kuntal even a single rupee. So, Kuntal has low self-esteem and has become an aggressive man. His talks are like, "Give me a snack, I'll touch your feet, else I'll bite you." Kuntal didn't even come for his own birthday once. He took a day off from school on his birthday. It was the only day to rob that scoundrel. I've thought a lot about friends like Kuntal. They are sent by God. I've thought a lot about it, God allots a fool to all of us. He... ...is the person sent by God. "Son, you have to take care of him." I've thought a lot about why Kuntal is in my life. I still haven't found the logic behind it. Because he is neither likeable, nor is he a decent person, nor is he talented. He just exists. The whole world says, Zakir, take a left. I know in my heart that I have to take a left. Einstein will come and say, "Zakir, take a left." I'll say, "Okay, you cut your hair." He has everything else. He is such an intelligent man. Only his hair... I can give at least one advice. He is telling me to go left, so I also should give him some advice. [cheering and applause] God may come and ask you, "Zakir, I spoke with Einstein and he said you have to take a left I am like, "I know. I also wanted to take a left." I don't know why, Kuntal will come on a Sunday evening on a cycle I'll ask him, "What?" He will be like, "Take a right. Take a right." I know he is a fool. But the problem is he is my fool. [cheering and applause] You have that one friend, right? I know I will never take a right. But when the time comes… I don't know how my body takes a right. And then I realize how wrong it was to take a right. Anyway, it was Kuntal's birthday and it's the only chance to rob him. Let's go to his home, kick him 15 to 20 times on the back we will call it birthday bumps and will drag the scoundrel from there. He won't even be able to say, "I didn't bring money." He's already home. We'll have cold drinks and samosas. It'll be a party. We reached his house, we didn't know some scandal had happened at his house. Kuntal's father found a cigarette in Kuntal's bag. And Rule 450 of friendship says, that those cigarettes are mine. I don't know that I smoke. And I keep my cigarette along with the lighter… in Kuntal's bag. I reached his home. Kuntal's father was also there. He started scolding me. For five minutes, uncle scolded me generically. I didn't even know the topic. [applause] He is the father of a friend, so he is scolding me. I kept on saying, "Yes, uncle. Sorry, uncle." After five minutes, uncle said, "Your rosy lips will turn black." I am a positive person. I take things positively. I said, "Really, uncle? Are my lips rosy?" [laughter, cheering and applause]